So, guys, we're here to show you a bit more than for each team.
we will create
in the academic year
I'm right person
the sound box will stop AIDS
save from the company that applied in the roof of the mouth was acquired
in the flowers
red
How can you see black?
this box comes with the internal battery
for you to listen to the songs in your memory so much that you go
connect here the stone museum you can connect to that it comes with new
Appetizer
already comes with the newest model of speakers that is on the market that
are awake with the best
comes with entrance to there auxiliary entrance
and that you can use your chez marques fonts that most think output would be
bial gave
now let's connect the little box here, there's a test
it also comes with the touch of the iphone here you can put the iphone
to listen to the songs of your iphone and
four your iphone and 3 or if you will cut the eito will be placing always better than
your iphone isa to let it go ringing
it also comes with great remote control
and you can have the convenience left there on the spot he is passing back
to music to lower
choose the song you want to put in the world
in any setting
will now show you how it's almost a box with what's serious
if you put your music on a toll
put in the box she already up with the super dragon automatically
nerter olive tree
he said
bielsa to make the remote control of the kingdom of God and ours
the deputies 16 years
How is dealing with her said?
the chile had difficulty it determines that the collection of it directed by david
fincher
laid aside
for three hours in the box club
that it will not download right
in synthesis 27 55 decide
the next day
I decided to go ahead said the manager I called I liked the
posture of being a fight between the 6th and 9th
stay out of the box
I bought from the West is here to deal with both colors close a year
in the current picture do not make the scenes of that kiss falter
another camera
elected as soon as you have been interested
piglet propelled the store in downtown joão Pessoa and reef with senator
tasso jereissati is also sometimes in production and shopping sites
then you want researcher searched on the internet and I
I recommend it.